# Troubleshooting

- Aerial logs you out of your user account everytime it starts: This looks like a new bug with macOS 10.14.5 beta 18F108f, possibly only for Macs with Intel graphics. Please update to Aerial 1.5.0. More information here : https://github.com/JohnCoates/Aerial/issues/738
- Videos keeps disappearing, Aerial may not restart once in a while: Aerial stores all it's data in a Cache folder. This cache may get deleted by some third party software trying to free disk space. If you use such a "Cleaning" tool, we recommend you set a manual folder location in the Cache tab of Aerial. For example, you can create an Aerial folder in your User folder, and point to it. This will ensure Aerial files don't get deleted.
- "Done" button doesn't close Aerial: Please update to latest available version, this is a bug on Mojave with very old versions of Aerial (1.2 and below).
- Can't type into text fields with macOS High Sierra/Video corruption issue on High Sierra: Please make sure you have at least version 1.4.5.
- "This app is damaged and can't be opened, you should move it to the trash" when double-clicking the `Aerial.saver` file: Please see the installation notes above, this is a GateKeeper issue.
- Brightness control does not control external displays: Aerial uses the brightness API from macOS to change the brightness of your screens. As of version 1.5.0, this does not allow us to control the brightness of external screens.
- Not seeing extended descriptions: Make sure you have version 1.4.2 or above.
- Black screen: If you are behind a firewall (Like Little Snitch or Hands Off!) try creating exceptions for Aerial to allow it access to Apple's servers. Be sure the applications `ScreenSaverEngine.app` and `System Preferences.app` are not being blocked access to `*.phobos.apple.com`, `*.phobos.apple.com.edgesuite.net` and `sylvan.apple.com`. If that isn't an option, please look at the Offline mode section.
- "You cannot use the Aerial screen saver with this version of macOS." error: Select Aerial, close `System Preferences` with Aerial still selected, re-open System Preferences and Aerial should now work. This is a known bug with Swift screensavers in macOS/OS X reported to Apple as [rdar://25569037](http://www.openradar.me/25569037).
- High CPU usage/fan spinning all of a sudden: If you correctly configured the preferred video format according to your Mac and still experience high CPU usage/fan spinning all of a sudden, please look for the cause with `Activity Monitor`, you may see a `com.apple.photos.ImageConversionService` responsible for this CPU load. This is the iCloud Photos process, you can find more about [what it does here](https://support.apple.com/en-gu/HT204264) and how to pause it.
- Can't use Aerial as a login screensaver: As far as we know, using 3rd party screensavers before login is no longer possible on modern versions of macOS. More about this [here](https://github.com/JohnCoates/Aerial/issues/571).
- Change cache location : This option simply changes _the location_ of the Cache folder that Aerial uses. It does _not_ move your files for you. Please note that this change will only be taken into account the next time Aerial starts (you may need to fully close System Preferences). We strongly recommend you use a path that's always accessible, as Aerial can't work without a Cache directory. In case the path is no longer available (missing USB key, etc), starting with Aerial 1.4.7, it will reset the Cache location to it's default location.

